Miscellaneous functions in Automation 4

This document describes various functions that couldn't be placed in any of
the other Automation 4 documents.

---

Getting the rendered size of a string

This function might later on be part of a full rendering-interface for
creating actual bitmaps of text.

This function does NOT attempt to handle line breaks, automatic line breaking,
fomatting override tags, vector drawings or anything else to that effect.
If you need such functionality, you need to implement it yourself. (For now,
at least.)

function aegisub.text_extents(style, text)

@style (table)
  A "style" class Subtitle Line table.

@text (string)
  The text to calculate the rendered size of.

Returns: 4 values, all numbers.
  1. Width of text in pixels.
  2. Height of text in pixels.
  3. Descent of text in pixels.
  4. External leading of text in pixels.

---

Getting the audio waveform selection position and duration

function aegisub.get_audio_selection()

Returns: 2 values, all numbers.
  1. Position of the selection, in milliseconds.
  2. End of the selection, in milliseconds.

---

Setting the main frame's status bar text

function aegisub.set_status_bar_text(text)

Returns: 0 values

---

Focusing the subtitle edit box

function aegisub.focus_edit_box()

Requests keyboard focus for the main subtitle text edit box when the current
macro finishes.

Returns: 1 value, boolean.
  true if the request can be applied in the current Automation host, false
  otherwise.

---

Moving the subtitle edit box cursor

function aegisub.set_edit_box_cursor(character_index, after)

Requests the text cursor to be moved in the main subtitle text edit box when
the current macro finishes. Setting the cursor also focuses the edit box.

@character_index (number)
  1-based character index. Passing 1 with after=false puts the cursor before
  the first character. Passing 1 with after=true puts the cursor after the
  first character. Values outside the current line are clamped to the line
  bounds.

@after (boolean)
  Optional. false or nil places the cursor before character_index. true places
  it after character_index.

Returns: 1 value, boolean.
  true if the request can be applied in the current Automation host, false
  otherwise.

---
